README.md, before:

# The Times Component Library

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/newsuk/times-components/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/newsuk/times-components?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://app.bitrise.io/app/b82f579b5213b496#/builds)](https://app.bitrise.io/app/b82f579b5213b496#/builds)

### Purpose

Home of The Times' `react`/`react native` components, using
[react-native-web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) to share across
platforms

### Dev Environment

We require MacOS with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (version >=8 with npm v5),
[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) (latest) and
[watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman) installed. Native development
requires [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode),
[Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html) and
[JDK 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/java-archive-javase8-2177648.html).

You can try without these requirements, but you'd be on your own.

## Viewing Our Components

Go to http://components.thetimes.co.uk

## Getting Started

1. Install [fontforge](http://fontforge.github.io/en-US/): `brew install fontforge` (See [Fonts section](#fonts))

2. Run `yarn install`

3. Components can be seen running in a storybook:

- web storybook
  1. `yarn storybook`
  2. go to http://localhost:9001
- native storybook
  1. `yarn storybook-native` and leave it running
  2. `yarn ios` to start the iOS app
  3. To start the Android app:
     - [Start a virtual device](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds.html)
     - Check Android SDK path is exported to \$ANDROID_HOME. In Mac, android sdk
       is installed to ~/Library/Android/sdk by default. `export ANDROID_HOME="/Users/<USERNAME>/Library/Android/sdk"`
     - `yarn android`
     - If you get build errors, check your JDK version with `javac -version`,
       which should print `javac 1.8.XXXX`. Earlier or later versions may not
       work.
  4. go to http://localhost:7007

## Native App Dev Server

In order to run development servers for native applications, start react-native dev
server via:

`yarn android:app` or `yarn ios:app`

For step by step guide, see the corresponding Readme documentation for [android](./android-app/README.md) and [ios](./ios-app/README.md)

### Fonts ⚠️

In order to view the storybook on native, you'll need to fix broken fonts. This
fix is done automatically when running storybook (both web and native), but
requires that [fontforge](http://fontforge.github.io/en-US/) is installed,
otherwise the fix won't be applied and you'll get the classic red error screen
when trying to use a broken font.

### Schema

See [utils package](packages/utils/README.md) on how to update the schema

## Debugging

The components in this project can be debugged through your browser's developer
tools. These steps assume the use of Chrome DevTools.

To debug our web Storybook:

1. `yarn storybook`
2. navigate to http://localhost:9001
3. open DevTools
4. Click _Sources_
5. In the _Network_ tab under the leftmost pane, expand _top_ =>
   _storybook-preview-iframe_ => _webpack://_ => _._ => _packages_

Any of these source files can be debugged directly.

To debug our native Storybook:

1. `yarn storybook-native` and leave it running
2. `yarn android:logs` or `yarn ios:logs` (this will build storybook app and output logs)
   2a. Or you could just run `yarn android` or `yarn ios` to just build the apps
3. open the developer menu on your device (Cmd + M on Android, Cmd + D on iOS)
   and tap _Debug JS Remotely_
4. navigate to http://localhost:8081/debugger-ui if it hasn't opened
   automatically
5. open DevTools
6. click _Sources_
7. expand _debuggerWorker.js_ => _webpack://_ => _._ => _packages_

## Testing and code coverage

| Tests                                      | Covered            | CI                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Unit tests, UI tests and Integration tests | :white_check_mark: | [Travis Build](https://travis-ci.org/newsuk/times-components) |
| Visual Regression tool (Dextrose)          | :white_check_mark: | Not automated                                                 |
| Functional Regression tool (Fructose)      | :white_check_mark: | Not automated                                                 |

## Contributing

See the [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for an extensive breakdown of
the project

`yarn commit` will commit files (same as `git commit`), and will aid the
contributor with adding a suitable commit message inline with
[conventional changelog](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli)

Commit message:

chore: add watch for easily linking render (#2014)
* chore: add watch for easily linking render

* fix: lint

* chore: fix watch command and add missing deps

* chore: watch in all packages updated

* fix: typo

README.md, after:

# The Times Component Library

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/newsuk/times-components/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/newsuk/times-components?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://app.bitrise.io/app/b82f579b5213b496#/builds)](https://app.bitrise.io/app/b82f579b5213b496#/builds)

### Purpose

Home of The Times' `react`/`react native` components, using
[react-native-web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) to share across
platforms

### Dev Environment

We require MacOS with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (version >=8 with npm v5),
[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) (latest) and
[watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman) installed. Native development
requires [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode),
[Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html) and
[JDK 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/java-archive-javase8-2177648.html).

You can try without these requirements, but you'd be on your own.

## Viewing Our Components

Go to http://components.thetimes.co.uk

## Getting Started

1. Install [fontforge](http://fontforge.github.io/en-US/): `brew install fontforge` (See [Fonts section](#fonts))

2. Run `yarn install`

3. Components can be seen running in a storybook:

- web storybook
  1. `yarn storybook`
  2. go to http://localhost:9001
- native storybook
  1. `yarn storybook-native` and leave it running
  2. `yarn ios` to start the iOS app
  3. To start the Android app:
     - [Start a virtual device](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds.html)
     - Check Android SDK path is exported to \$ANDROID_HOME. In Mac, android sdk
       is installed to ~/Library/Android/sdk by default. `export ANDROID_HOME="/Users/<USERNAME>/Library/Android/sdk"`
     - `yarn android`
     - If you get build errors, check your JDK version with `javac -version`,
       which should print `javac 1.8.XXXX`. Earlier or later versions may not
       work.
  4. go to http://localhost:7007

## Native App Dev Server

In order to run development servers for native applications, start react-native dev
server via:

`yarn android:app` or `yarn ios:app`

For step by step guide, see the corresponding Readme documentation for [android](./android-app/README.md) and [ios](./ios-app/README.md)

### Fonts ⚠️

In order to view the storybook on native, you'll need to fix broken fonts. This
fix is done automatically when running storybook (both web and native), but
requires that [fontforge](http://fontforge.github.io/en-US/) is installed,
otherwise the fix won't be applied and you'll get the classic red error screen
when trying to use a broken font.

### Schema

See [utils package](packages/utils/README.md) on how to update the schema

## Debugging

The components in this project can be debugged through your browser's developer
tools. These steps assume the use of Chrome DevTools.

To debug our web Storybook:

1. `yarn storybook`
2. navigate to http://localhost:9001
3. open DevTools
4. Click _Sources_
5. In the _Network_ tab under the leftmost pane, expand _top_ =>
   _storybook-preview-iframe_ => _webpack://_ => _._ => _packages_

Any of these source files can be debugged directly.

To debug our native Storybook:

1. `yarn storybook-native` and leave it running
2. `yarn android:logs` or `yarn ios:logs` (this will build storybook app and output logs)
   2a. Or you could just run `yarn android` or `yarn ios` to just build the apps
3. open the developer menu on your device (Cmd + M on Android, Cmd + D on iOS)
   and tap _Debug JS Remotely_
4. navigate to http://localhost:8081/debugger-ui if it hasn't opened
   automatically
5. open DevTools
6. click _Sources_
7. expand _debuggerWorker.js_ => _webpack://_ => _._ => _packages_

## Link times-components to the Render project

Follow these steps [here](https://github.com/newsuk/cps-content-render#locally-mount-your-custom-build-of-times-components)

## Testing and code coverage

| Tests                                      | Covered            | CI                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Unit tests, UI tests and Integration tests | :white_check_mark: | [Travis Build](https://travis-ci.org/newsuk/times-components) |
| Visual Regression tool (Dextrose)          | :white_check_mark: | Not automated                                                 |
| Functional Regression tool (Fructose)      | :white_check_mark: | Not automated                                                 |

## Contributing

See the [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for an extensive breakdown of
the project

`yarn commit` will commit files (same as `git commit`), and will aid the
contributor with adding a suitable commit message inline with
[conventional changelog](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli)
