packages/ssr/README.md, before:

# SSR

An unpublished package which allows developers to easily play with
server-side-rendering (SSR). Add any "pages" (top level components) here for
rendering, by adding a route and the webpack config necessary to create a client
bundle.

## Usage

Before each command below you should set the envar `GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT` which will
be used for data fetching. In order to create a bundle it relies on each package
having it's own `rnw` bundle generated. Use `npx lerna run bundle` at the root
to simulate a published package.

```bash
yarn bundle:dev
```

Create a client-side dev bundle to hydrate the SSR page, useful for checking
developer level warnings which you may need to fix

```bash
yarn bundle:prod
```

Create a client-side prod bundle to hydrate the SSR page, this will have the
various optimisations applied with code splitting and silence any console
warnings/errors

```bash
yarn start
```

Run a simple node server which serves up the various pages which currently
include:

* /profile/:author-slug
* /topic/:topic-slug

They will use the client side bundle you generated above

```bash
yarn bundle:profile
```

This will generate the webpack `stats.json` file in `dist`. You can then use a
command such as `npx webpack-bundle-analyzer stats.json` in the `dist` folder to
visualise the webpack bundle or upload it to other tools
[suggested by webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting/#bundle-analysis)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing to this
package

## Running the code

Please see our main [README.md](../README.md) to get the project running locally

## Development

The code can be formatted and linted in accordance with the agreed standards.

```
yarn fmt
yarn lint
```

## Future

* Publish : potentially we want to look at using this as our source of truth for
  server-side rendering, this would mean exporting and publishing the code to be
  used by render, so it's "all the same code"

* Article Page: we should also add the article page

* Ad Config: add something appropriate

* Bundle Size: we bundle packages on CI in master, we could then bundle here and
  lint for excessively sized bundles

Commit message:

feat: add lazy load to article (#1387)

packages/ssr/README.md, after:

# SSR

An unpublished package which allows developers to easily play with
server-side-rendering (SSR). Add any "pages" (top level components) here for
rendering, by adding a route and the webpack config necessary to create a client
bundle.

## Usage

Before each command below you should set the envar `GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT` which will
be used for data fetching. In order to create a bundle it relies on each package
having it's own `rnw` bundle generated. Use `npx lerna run bundle` at the root
to simulate a published package.

```bash
yarn bundle:dev
```

Create a client-side dev bundle to hydrate the SSR page, useful for checking
developer level warnings which you may need to fix

```bash
yarn bundle:prod
```

Create a client-side prod bundle to hydrate the SSR page, this will have the
various optimisations applied with code splitting and silence any console
warnings/errors. The server-side response is also compressed for testing client
perf.

```bash
yarn start
```

Run a simple node server which serves up the various pages which currently
include:

* /profile/:author-slug
* /topic/:topic-slug

They will use the client side bundle you generated above. You can optionally set
`AUTH_TOKEN` as an envar (instructions should be available from your API
provider) to get unteased articles.

```bash
yarn bundle:profile
```

This will generate the webpack `stats.json` file in `dist`. You can then use a
command such as `npx webpack-bundle-analyzer stats.json` in the `dist` folder to
visualise the webpack bundle or upload it to other tools
[suggested by webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting/#bundle-analysis)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing to this
package

## Running the code

Please see our main [README.md](../README.md) to get the project running locally

## Development

The code can be formatted and linted in accordance with the agreed standards.

```
yarn fmt
yarn lint
```

## Future

* Publish : potentially we want to look at using this as our source of truth for
  server-side rendering, this would mean exporting and publishing the code to be
  used by render, so it's "all the same code"

* Bundle Size: we bundle packages on CI in master, we could then bundle here and
  lint for excessively sized bundles
